Add HTTP QUERY method and Accept-Query header references (#44568)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/methods/index.md

- {{HTTPMethod("GET")}}
  - : The `GET` method requests a representation of the specified resource.
    Requests using `GET` should only retrieve data and should not contain a request {{Glossary("HTTP Content", "content")}}.
- {{HTTPMethod("QUERY")}}
  - : The `QUERY` method requests that the target resource process the request {{Glossary("HTTP Content", "content")}} in a safe and idempotent manner and respond with the result.

>     It is similar to `GET`, but allows request content to be sent, for example when query parameters are too large or complex to fit comfortably in the URI.

Reviewer: 1. I think I'd put these (all) in alphabetic order, and same for the table below. My reason is that all HTTP methods are equal. It is better to therefore treat them as such.
2. There is no need to link `content` again. First instance on page/list needed.
3. I think the text here is pretty good, but perhaps at this level we should omit the for-example since none of the others have it. The alternative is to add an example to all the others.

So maybe reorder and do this?

```suggestion
  - : The `QUERY` method requests that the target resource process the request content in a safe and idempotent manner, returning the result in the response.
   It is similar to GET, but allows request body content with defined semantics.
```
